(Episode 36)
- What? - I said...
- Hey, you're here. - Hi.
What? Did you give it to this actress?
Of course we did.
How could you? Don't you have any business ethics?
What do you mean no business ethics?
Come on. I gave it to her too.
She already received seven.
We are only one of them.
I can't be nice to you if you act like this.
How can you cause so much harm?
What harm?
Your drama will be airing at the same time as mine.
Don't you feel bad for me?
Hey, don't be unreasonable.
I knew this was going to happen.
I knew I'd be getting the short end of the stick.
I knew Mr. Park would be favorable to you.
It's not like that.
Of course it is.
Did you not receive any benefit Mr. Park gave you?
You're going too far.
I'll have to talk to Mr. Park.
Don't be like that because of me.
Don't pretend to care about him.
You were so mean to Mr. Park.
What did I do?
You rejected him.
Have you ever been rejected by someone you love?
Do you know how much that hurts?
Hello. Is Mr. Park in?
He didn't come to work again.
(Mr. Park Jung Woo)
What brings you here?
Are you sick?
Why aren't you coming to work?
I've been working non-stop.
I want to take a break.
- Have you eaten? - No.
I'll cook for you.
No, I'll cook.
I don't want you to say I put you to work.
I won't say that.
I'll really cook for you.
- Do you cook? - A bit.
Do you?
I'm good at eating.
It's good.
Is there anything you can't do?
You have sauce on your face like a kid.
I lived here until I was 12.
Until my dad's business failed.
When I lived here,
my parents fought,
and creditors came to put red seizure stickers.
All sorts of bad things happened.
But why did I think I was happy?
Wasn't it because you were together?
With the ones you loved?
I thought trust was way more valuable than love.
I'll do the dishes.
Just leave it. I'll do it.
No. I have to do my share for the food.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
Hello.
Mr. Park. I have something to tell you.
I mentioned your name, and they set this up for me.
What's up?
Don't I have good posture now?
It's not bad.
Show me how it's done.
What do you want to tell me?
Why are you stalling?
I lied to you.
Before...
when I said...
you weren't my type.
You are my type.
I lied again.
If only...
I haven't met Jung Sun again.
But there are no ifs in life.
Whether I'm fooled or not, I'll make the decision.
But...
it won't be easy to fool me.
Don't you feel uncomfortable making people do something?
I change my mind easily. I'm like that.
I want to make a family.
Family is a choice for me now.
With you,
I think I can live happily.
Your problem is that you think too much.
Especially about love.
Do what you feel like.
You can't be alone because of an unsubstantiated feeling.
Stop it already.
Stop longing for a man you can't be with.
I am your reality.
Are you afraid to be loved?
Are you making fun of me?
If what I have looks better on someone else,
I can't really hang on to it.
Because it reminds me of that person.
I got dumped before I came to Paris.
She says work is more important to her than love.
She's ambitious. I like that.
Sometimes you choose your lifetime partner based on trust.
I wanted to let you know that you have me.
Is this all you have?
You should get angry when you are angry.
I'm telling you that I'll take your woman.
It takes 2 to love, not 1.
No matter how much we fight, the outcome isn't about winning.
Why do we have to have this fight?
- Keep it up. - Okay.
Great.
- Medium rare. - Okay.
(Good Soup)
(Lunch course menu)
Hello.
I thought you didn't remember me...
because you didn't say hi earlier.
Of course I remember you.
I'm here because you guys are hot after getting the Michelin star.
You know I love hot stuff.
Yes, ma'am. We'll do our best.
(Lunch course: 2)
2 lunch courses on table 9.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
Chef On. Table number nine...
What about it?
She's a notoriously mean blogger.
She used someone else's name for the reservation, so I didn't know.
Please pay attention to the food.
I will.
Mother.
I ordered your favorite coffee.
I don't want to drink Kenya AA today.
Then order something else.
Hyun Soo.
Yes?
I think the two of us have a lot in common.
I broke up with Daniel too.
But I'm back together with Jung Sun.
Then is it only me?
Isn't Jung Sun going to Hong Kong?
He said he won't go.
He didn't even tell me that.
I thought he was in Hong Kong all this time.
That's upsetting.
I was trying so hard...
not to show how much I was suffering from the breakup.
How can he do this to me?
He didn't get a chance.
He had to cancel his Hong Kong move, and Good Soup...
Why are you making excuses for my son?
Mother.
What we have common is that we are both dating younger men.
So?
We should comfort each other when we're troubled.
That's something people in common can do for each other.
How are you so good at talking?
You're just as good as me.
I can never beat Jung Sun in an argument.
He got that from you.
Daniel is so strange.
We were doing just fine the day before.
What did he say when he broke up with you?
He was too scared...
to break up with me in person. He left a note.
That's the worst.
It's not the worst.
I've seen worse.
I want to go to his school to find him,
but I can't do that when he wrote he was too scared...
to see me in person.
What are your plans?
It's not like...
I ask for a lot of money.
He got annoyed because I asked him for money.
Then he broke up because of money?
You wouldn't want to be together if someone gets annoyed.
It was money in the end.
Why are people slaves for money?
What's so great about money?
- Mother. - Yes?
When I wanted to become a writer, I made 800 dollars a month.
My sister was the one to nag at me the worst.
Money beats over everything. Even family.
Who will pay for coffee today?
Usually, the one who asks to meet should pay,
but you're in a crisis.
So I'll pay.
Jung Woo!
Do you know how worried I was when I heard you missed work?
Were you so worried that you made just one call?
That's because I thought I might bother you.
Hong Jin told me you said we can't use a new camera team.
What's wrong? This is my drama, but also Hyun Soo's.
Did you forget about her?
How can I forget?
Right? You'll make it happen for us, right?
No.
- Hey. - Don't get on.
What's wrong? Why are you doing this to me? It's me, Joon Ha.
I know you're Joon Ha.
I'm so sick of picking up after you two.
Jung Woo!
That will be 197 dollars.
You need the manager to give you another training.
My next column will be on Good Soup.
Ma'am!
What's wrong?
She didn't pay.
I better tell the chef.
You're really here. How can you do this?
Why should I hear you didn't go to Hong Kong from Hyun Soo?
At least you found out.
I didn't want you to worry, so I tried not to contact you.
It's not like we ever shared such small things.
This is not something small. It's huge.
Why didn't you leave?
Did you give up the job because of Hyun Soo?
Yes.
[VIU Ver] E36 Temperature of Love "You Rejected Him"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What's wrong?
Daniel left me.
Do you like Hyun Soo that much?
Enough to give up on a good opportunity?
Yes.
Why haven't I found myself a man like that?
Aren't I prettier than Hyun Soo although I'm older?
Mom?
I got married at the age of 27...
and thought that I would have a beautiful life.
But my husband told me to only follow his orders.
Even the neighborhood dog can go where he wants.
Not this again.
You always do this whenever you have a breakup.
I always listened to them,
and I try my best to be considerate.
Why do they leave me?
It looked like Hyun Soo broke up with you first,
but you still came back to her.
Why do they only leave me? Why don't they hold onto me?
Did you say the same thing to Hyun Soo?
No. I have pride, you know.
It would be embarrassing.
You're my child. You've seen it all already.
I want to spend the night here.
("Good Soup", Yeon Woo)
Aside from the main cast, did you get a list of supporting roles?
Yes.
- Gosh. I'm so mad. - What is it?
Jung Woo's acting strangely. Did he go insane?
He shouldn't treat me like this.
- Did he say no to the camera? - He said no.
You should go and talk to him. No.
He didn't budge even when I mentioned you.
Then what about casting?
What about Choi Ra Joon? Will Hong Ah's drama take her?
I talked to Choi Ra Joon's agency.
They want to see the next script too.
Does this mean we have a chance?
I think we just need to meet their conditions.
International copyright and shares for merchandises.
Mr. Park can make that happen.
You're the best at persuading him.
I'll go see him.
I can't let someone else take her.
Are you taking a break?
You shouldn't be like this.
You're the one who shouldn't be here.
We met with Choi Ra Joon's agency,
and they'll likely sign with us if we meet their conditions.
Did you hear?
(Choi Ra Joon Agrees to Work with Writer Kim Yu Kyung)
They're famous for this.
What do we do now?
You should just be faithful at what you do.
I won't allow you to pester me like this again.
Are you mad at me?
- No. - Why are you treating me like this?
In entertainment,
we're supposed to make products to entertain others.
And?
I thought about how I've been treating myself.
Now, can you leave?
I want to listen to music.
This is hard for me to get used to.
Please don't change. I don't like it.
You remind me of a guy I know.
- I'm not late, am I? - No.
Why don't you want to watch a late night movie?
It's about time we make a decision.
We've been seeing each other long enough.
What decision?
I thought we were already dating.
I thought you only said that to take the pressure off of me.
I wanted to treat you well. Was it not enough?
No, you've been more than enough.
I'm glad.
That's why I won't date you.
What do you mean?
I know you're trying really hard.
Just like how you worked to become a sous chef.
Even if you don't try,
some things just happen naturally.
I'm sorry.
I'll just let things happen instead of trying.
This is why I liked you.
However, it's not going to work with Hong Ah.
I want to keep on working at Good Soup.
Would it make you uncomfortable?
If it makes you uncomfortable, I'll leave.
I'm Lim Soo Jung, the sommelier.
I'm the sous chef, Choi Won Joon.
Why are you dropping by so late?
I didn't get to see you today.
I met with your mother.
I know. I came out because of her.
- Why? - She's in my bed.
She refuses to go home.
It suffocates me to be in the same room with her.
What is it?
Where are you going to sleep tonight?
I better start looking now.
Kyung is here.
Hyun Soo, aren't you going to sleep?
I'm just about to. Don't come out!
- Hyun Soo! - Yes?
(Mom)
I'm going to bed.
Is she not picking up?
This isn't going to work. I better go home.
I'll come with you.
No. You have a good image of her.
That's all you need to see.
- Call me. - Okay.
Mom! Mom!
Don't shake me.
I should've only taken one,
but I couldn't fall asleep.
This happened because I took two pills.
Good job.
I hung up while calling you...
because I didn't want you to worry.
I was going to get through it alone.
You're really something.
You don't call when you should, then you call when you shouldn't.
Jung Sun.
Yes?
I really want to fix myself.
I'm sick of living like this.
Up until I was 27,
things weren't so bad.
No.
Even until I was 35, it was fine.
Right?
Do you remember me then?
I do.
I was okay then, right?
No.
You were the best then.
I'm sorry.
I want you to become happy.
I wish I could make that happen for you,
but I'm not enough.
Hello?
Are you free today?
I'm free during break time.
I'll come by later.
Debts keep people closer...
than love.
Let's settle our debt today.
Out of the things I own,
if there is something that suits someone else better,
it's hard for me to keep it...
because it reminds me of that other person.
It still sounds corny.
You have to get a beating from me today.
Will that settle our debt?
Do you want to get hit first or get hit after the talk?
I'll hear it first and try to avoid getting hit.
(Temperature of Love)
I wanted to try and shake you.
If you can be shaken, I thought things could change.
You don't have to mind me anymore.
I won't get in your way.
You just walked me home, and you're back again?
I just keep on missing you.
Why do you like me?
I'll protect you so you would never have to lose yourself.
I can't end it.
I must have loved him.
Are you just going to sit there and cry?
Do you want me to go right away?
Do you think they'll get married?
I have something to say.